basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 01:42:35
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 01:45:45
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 01:45:57
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 01:46:09
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 01:46:20
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 01:46:32
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 01:46:44
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 01:46:56
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 01:47:20
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 01:47:32
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 01:47:44
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 01:47:56
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 01:48:07
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 01:48:19
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 01:48:31
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 01:48:43
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 01:48:55
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 01:49:06
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 01:51:11
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 01:53:46
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 01:56:31
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:02:30
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:04:37
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:04:49
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:05:01
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:05:13
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:05:49
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:06:00
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:06:12
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:06:24
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:06:36
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:06:48
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:07:00
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:07:22
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:07:34
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:07:46
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:07:58
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:08:09
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:08:21
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:08:44
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:08:57
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:09:08
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:09:19
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:09:31
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:09:43
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:09:55
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:10:06
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:10:18
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:10:30
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:10:42
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:10:54
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 02:11:05
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 04:06:08
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 04:06:26
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as connected 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as checked one case 
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as valided one practice
basile.beldame@supdeweb-paris.com as practiced , logtime: 04:07:02
